Add remote SAML logout request documentation (#209)
18F/identity-dev-docs: _pages/saml.md

        href: "#logout-request"
      - text: Logout response
        href: "#logout-response"

>       - text: Remote (back-channel) logout

Reviewer: style: I don't think backchannel is hyphenated? when I search online, I see "back channel" as a noun, but as a verb it's "backchanneled" no space, ex: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backchannel_(linguistics)

```suggestion
      - text: Remote (backchannel) logout
```

Author: Thanks! Apparently I've been doing it wrong the whole time 😛

Author: After chatting on Slack we're going to go with a space instead of all one word.

</div>
</div>

### Remote Logout request

> Login.gov also offers a remote / back-channel logout endpoint if your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Login.gov also offers a remote / backchannel logout endpoint if your
```

same style re: backchannel

application needs to log users out without redirecting them back to Login.gov.
This is still **not** true Single Logout (SLO), it will only terminate a given

> user's session with Login.gov.

Reviewer: maybe add "you still need to manage the session for your own application" or something?

Author: Great point, I'll add it in.

For remote logout, you must include a `SessionIndex` element in the SAML request
that contains the user's Login.gov UUID. This will allow Login.gov to identify
the user that needs to be logged out and terminate their session.

> To log a user out using a back-channel request, direct them to the logout URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log a user out using a backchannel request, direct them to the logout URL
```
